Genesis 3:8	And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.
Genesis 3:9	And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where [art] thou?
Genesis 3:10	And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid, because I [was] naked; and I hid myself.
Genesis 3:11	And he said, Who told thee that thou [wast] naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
Genesis 3:12	And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest [to be] with me, she gave me of the tree, and I did eat.
Genesis 3:13	And the LORD God said unto the woman, What [is] this [that] thou hast done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.
Genesis 11:5	And the LORD came down to see the city and the tower, which the children of men builded.
Genesis 11:6	And the LORD said, Behold, the people [is] one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.
Genesis 11:7	Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Genesis 18:20	And the LORD said, Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorrah is great, and because their sin is very grievous;
Genesis 18:21	I will go down now, and see whether they have done altogether according to the cry of it, which is come unto me; and if not, I will know.
Exodus 32:32	Yet now, if thou wilt forgive their sin—; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of thy book which thou hast written.
Exodus 32:33	And the LORD said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against me, him will I blot out of my book.
Leviticus 16:30	For on that day shall [the priest] make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, [that] ye may be clean from all your sins before the LORD.
Ecclesiastes 12:13	Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this [is] the whole [duty] of man.
Ecclesiastes 12:14	For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether [it be] good, or whether [it be] evil.
Isaiah 26:9	With my soul have I desired thee in the night; yea, with my spirit within me will I seek thee early: for when thy judgments [are] in the earth, the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness.
Daniel 8:14	And he said unto me, Unto two thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.
Daniel 9:24	Seventy weeks are determined upon thy people and upon thy holy city, to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and to make reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.
Daniel 12:1	And at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation [even] to that same time: and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book.
Daniel 12:2	And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame [and] everlasting contempt.
Daniel 12:3	And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.
Daniel 12:4	But thou, O Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, [even] to the time of the end: many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased.
Daniel 12:10	Many shall be purified, and made white, and tried; but the wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand.
Daniel 12:11	And from the time [that] the daily [sacrifice] shall be taken away, and the abomination that maketh desolate set up, [there shall be] a thousand two hundred and ninety days.
Daniel 12:12	Blessed [is] he that waiteth, and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days.
Daniel 12:13	But go thou thy way till the end [be]: for thou shalt rest, and stand in thy lot at the end of the days.
Zechariah 3:1	And he shewed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the LORD, and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him.
Zechariah 3:2	And the LORD said unto Satan, The LORD rebuke thee, O Satan; even the LORD that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee: [is] not this a brand plucked out of the fire?
Zechariah 3:3	Now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments, and stood before the angel.
Zechariah 3:4	And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of raiment.
Zechariah 3:5	And I said, Let them set a fair mitre upon his head. So they set a fair mitre upon his head, and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the LORD stood by.
Zechariah 3:6	And the angel of the LORD protested unto Joshua, saying,
Zechariah 3:7	Thus saith the LORD of hosts; If thou wilt walk in my ways, and if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge my house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by.
Zechariah 3:8	Hear now, O Joshua the high priest, thou, and thy fellows that sit before thee: for they [are] men wondered at: for, behold, I will bring forth my servant the BRANCH.
Zechariah 3:9	For behold the stone that I have laid before Joshua; upon one stone [shall be] seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the LORD of hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day.
Zechariah 3:10	In that day, saith the LORD of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbour under the vine and under the fig tree.
Malachi 3:13	Your words have been stout against me, saith the LORD. Yet ye say, What have we spoken [so much] against thee?
Malachi 3:14	Ye have said, It [is] vain to serve God: and what profit [is it] that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the LORD of hosts?
Malachi 3:15	And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work wickedness are set up; yea, [they that] tempt God are even delivered.
Malachi 3:16	Then they that feared the LORD spake often one to another: and the LORD hearkened, and heard [it], and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought upon his name.
Malachi 3:17	And they shall be mine, saith the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that serveth him.
Malachi 3:18	Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between him that serveth God and him that serveth him not.
Matthew 12:35	A good man out of the good treasure of the heart bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.
Matthew 12:36	But I say unto you, That every idle word that men shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment.
Matthew 12:37	For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy words thou shalt be condemned.
Matthew 22:10	So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
Matthew 22:11	And when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment:
Matthew 22:12	And he saith unto him, Friend, how camest thou in hither not having a wedding garment? And he was speechless.
Matthew 22:13	Then said the king to the servants, Bind him hand and foot, and take him away, and cast [him] into outer darkness; there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Matthew 22:14	For many are called, but few [are] chosen.
Luke 3:15	And as the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ, or not;
Luke 3:16	John answered, saying unto [them] all, I indeed baptize you with water; but one mightier than I cometh, the latchet of whose shoes I am not worthy to unloose: he shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire:
Luke 3:17	Whose fan [is] in his hand, and he will throughly purge his floor, and will gather the wheat into his garner; but the chaff he will burn with fire unquenchable.
Luke 3:18	And many other things in his exhortation preached he unto the people.
Luke 3:19	But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done,
John 3:18	He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.
John 5:10	The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry [thy] bed.
John 5:11	He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk.
John 5:12	Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk?
John 5:13	And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in [that] place.
John 5:14	Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee.
John 5:15	The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole.
John 5:16	And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the sabbath day.
John 5:17	But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.
John 5:18	Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God.
John 5:19	Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise.
John 5:20	For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel.
John 5:21	For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth [them]; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will.
John 5:22	For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son:
John 5:23	That all [men] should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him.
John 5:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life.
John 5:25	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live.
John 5:26	For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself;
John 5:27	And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man.
John 5:28	Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice,
John 5:29	And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation.
John 5:30	I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.
John 5:31	If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true.
John 5:32	There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true.
John 5:33	Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth.
John 5:34	But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved.
John 5:35	He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light.
John 5:36	But I have greater witness than [that] of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me.
John 5:37	And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape.
John 5:38	And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not.
John 5:39	Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me.
John 12:23	And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified.
John 12:24	Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit.
John 13:1	Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end.
John 13:10	Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash [his] feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all.
John 13:11	For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean.
John 13:12	So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you?
John 13:13	Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for [so] I am.
John 13:14	If I then, [your] Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet.
John 13:15	For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you.
John 13:16	Verily, verily, I say unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him.
John 13:17	If ye know these things, happy are ye if ye do them.
John 13:18	I speak not of you all: I know whom I have chosen: but that the scripture may be fulfilled, He that eateth bread with me hath lifted up his heel against me.
John 13:19	Now I tell you before it come, that, when it is come to pass, ye may believe that I am [he].
John 17:1	These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee:
John 17:10	And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them.
John 17:11	And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we [are].
John 17:12	While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled.
John 17:13	And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
John 17:14	I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:15	I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil.
John 17:16	They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world.
John 17:17	Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
John 17:18	As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world.
John 17:19	And for their sakes I sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth.
Acts 17:25	Neither is worshipped with men's hands, as though he needed any thing, seeing he giveth to all life, and breath, and all things;
Acts 17:26	And hath made of one blood all nations of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation;
Acts 17:27	That they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him, though he be not far from every one of us:
Acts 17:28	For in him we live, and move, and have our being; as certain also of your own poets have said, For we are also his offspring.
Acts 17:29	Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man's device.
Acts 17:30	And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent:
Acts 17:31	Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by [that] man whom he hath ordained; [whereof] he hath given assurance unto all [men], in that he hath raised him from the dead.
Romans 2:10	But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:
Romans 2:11	For there is no respect of persons with God.
Romans 2:12	For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;
Romans 2:13	(For not the hearers of the law [are] just before God, but the doers of the law shall be justified.
Romans 2:14	For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:
Romans 2:15	Which shew the work of the law written in their hearts, their conscience also bearing witness, and [their] thoughts the mean while accusing or else excusing one another;)
Romans 2:16	In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
Romans 5:9	Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Romans 5:10	For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life.
Romans 5:15	But not as the offence, so also [is] the free gift. For if through the offence of one many be dead, much more the grace of God, and the gift by grace, [which is] by one man, Jesus Christ, hath abounded unto many.
Romans 5:16	And not as [it was] by one that sinned, [so is] the gift: for the judgment [was] by one to condemnation, but the free gift [is] of many offences unto justification.
Romans 5:17	For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
Romans 5:18	Therefore as by the offence of one [judgment came] upon all men to condemnation; even so by the righteousness of one [the free gift came] upon all men unto justification of life.
Romans 5:19	For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
Romans 8:1	[There is] therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:2	For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.
Romans 8:3	For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh:
Romans 8:4	That the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
Romans 8:5	For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit.
Romans 8:6	For to be carnally minded [is] death; but to be spiritually minded [is] life and peace.
Romans 8:7	Because the carnal mind [is] enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be.
Romans 8:8	So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God.
Romans 8:9	But ye are not in the flesh, but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his.
Romans 8:10	And if Christ [be] in you, the body [is] dead because of sin; but the Spirit [is] life because of righteousness.
Romans 8:11	But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
Romans 8:12	Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
Romans 8:13	For if ye live after the flesh, ye shall die: but if ye through the Spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, ye shall live.
Romans 8:14	For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
Romans 8:15	For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the Spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father.
Romans 8:16	The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God:
Romans 8:17	And if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if so be that we suffer with [him], that we may be also glorified together.
Romans 8:18	For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time [are] not worthy [to be compared] with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
Romans 8:19	For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.
Romans 8:20	For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected [the same] in hope,
Romans 8:21	Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.
Romans 8:22	For we know that the whole creation groaneth and travaileth in pain together until now.
Romans 8:23	And not only [they], but ourselves also, which have the firstfruits of the Spirit, even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, [to wit], the redemption of our body.
Romans 8:24	For we are saved by hope: but hope that is seen is not hope: for what a man seeth, why doth he yet hope for?
Romans 8:25	But if we hope for that we see not, [then] do we with patience wait for [it].
Romans 8:26	Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered.
Romans 8:27	And he that searcheth the hearts knoweth what [is] the mind of the Spirit, because he maketh intercession for the saints according to [the will of] God.
Romans 8:28	And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to [his] purpose.
Romans 8:29	For whom he did foreknow, he also did predestinate [to be] conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren.
Romans 8:30	Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom he called, them he also justified: and whom he justified, them he also glorified.
Romans 8:31	What shall we then say to these things? If God [be] for us, who [can be] against us?
Romans 8:32	He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
Romans 8:33	Who shall lay any thing to the charge of God's elect? [It is] God that justifieth.
Romans 8:34	Who [is] he that condemneth? [It is] Christ that died, yea rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us.
Romans 8:35	Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? [shall] tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
Romans 8:36	As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
Romans 8:37	Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
Romans 8:38	For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
Romans 8:39	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 14:10	But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at nought thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Romans 14:11	For it is written, [As] I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall confess to God.
Romans 14:12	So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God.
1 Corinthians 3:10	According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a wise masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another buildeth thereon. But let every man take heed how he buildeth thereupon.
1 Corinthians 3:11	For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ.
1 Corinthians 3:12	Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble;
1 Corinthians 3:13	Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is.
1 Corinthians 3:14	If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward.
1 Corinthians 3:15	If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.
2 Corinthians 5:5	Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing [is] God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.
2 Corinthians 5:6	Therefore [we are] always confident, knowing that, whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord:
2 Corinthians 5:7	(For we walk by faith, not by sight:)
2 Corinthians 5:8	We are confident, [I say], and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.
2 Corinthians 5:9	Wherefore we labour, that, whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him.
2 Corinthians 5:10	For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ; that every one may receive the things [done] in [his] body, according to that he hath done, whether [it be] good or bad.
Ephesians 1:13	In whom ye also [trusted], after that ye heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation: in whom also after that ye believed, ye were sealed with that holy Spirit of promise,
Ephesians 1:14	Which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession, unto the praise of his glory.
Philippians 4:3	And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and [with] other my fellowlabourers, whose names [are] in the book of life.
2 Timothy 4:7	I have fought a good fight, I have finished [my] course, I have kept the faith:
2 Timothy 4:8	Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing.
Hebrews 7:24	But this [man], because he continueth ever, hath an unchangeable priesthood.
Hebrews 7:25	Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them.
Hebrews 9:27	And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment:
Hebrews 10:26	For if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remaineth no more sacrifice for sins,
Hebrews 10:27	But a certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.
Hebrews 10:28	He that despised Moses' law died without mercy under two or three witnesses:
Hebrews 10:29	Of how much sorer punishment, suppose ye, shall he be thought worthy, who hath trodden under foot the Son of God, and hath counted the blood of the covenant, wherewith he was sanctified, an unholy thing, and hath done despite unto the Spirit of grace?
Hebrews 10:30	For we know him that hath said, Vengeance [belongeth] unto me, I will recompense, saith the Lord. And again, The Lord shall judge his people.
James 2:12	So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty.
James 2:13	For he shall have judgment without mercy, that hath shewed no mercy; and mercy rejoiceth against judgment.
1 Peter 4:15	But let none of you suffer as a murderer, or [as] a thief, or [as] an evildoer, or as a busybody in other men's matters.
1 Peter 4:16	Yet if [any man suffer] as a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God on this behalf.
1 Peter 4:17	For the time [is come] that judgment must begin at the house of God: and if [it] first [begin] at us, what shall the end [be] of them that obey not the gospel of God?
1 John 2:1	My little children, these things write I unto you, that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous:
1 John 2:2	And he is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only, but also for [the sins of] the whole world.
1 John 2:10	He that loveth his brother abideth in the light, and there is none occasion of stumbling in him.
1 John 2:11	But he that hateth his brother is in darkness, and walketh in darkness, and knoweth not whither he goeth, because that darkness hath blinded his eyes.
1 John 2:12	I write unto you, little children, because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake.
1 John 2:13	I write unto you, fathers, because ye have known him [that is] from the beginning. I write unto you, young men, because ye have overcome the wicked one. I write unto you, little children, because ye have known the Father.
1 John 2:14	I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him [that is] from the beginning. I have written unto you, young men, because ye are strong, and the word of God abideth in you, and ye have overcome the wicked one.
1 John 2:15	Love not the world, neither the things [that are] in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the Father is not in him.
1 John 2:16	For all that [is] in the world, the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the Father, but is of the world.
1 John 2:17	And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever.
1 John 2:18	Little children, it is the last time: and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come, even now are there many antichrists; whereby we know that it is the last time.
1 John 2:19	They went out from us, but they were not of us; for if they had been of us, they would [no doubt] have continued with us: but [they went out], that they might be made manifest that they were not all of us.
1 John 2:20	But ye have an unction from the Holy One, and ye know all things.
1 John 2:21	I have not written unto you because ye know not the truth, but because ye know it, and that no lie is of the truth.
1 John 2:22	Who is a liar but he that denieth that Jesus is the Christ? He is antichrist, that denieth the Father and the Son.
1 John 2:23	Whosoever denieth the Son, the same hath not the Father: [(but) he that acknowledgeth the Son hath the Father also].
1 John 2:24	Let that therefore abide in you, which ye have heard from the beginning. If that which ye have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son, and in the Father.
1 John 2:25	And this is the promise that he hath promised us, [even] eternal life.
1 John 2:26	These [things] have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you.
1 John 2:27	But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye need not that any man teach you: but as the same anointing teacheth you of all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him.
1 John 2:28	And now, little children, abide in him; that, when he shall appear, we may have confidence, and not be ashamed before him at his coming.
1 John 2:29	If ye know that he is righteous, ye know that every one that doeth righteousness is born of him.
1 John 4:15	Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.
1 John 4:16	And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love; and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God, and God in him.
1 John 4:17	Herein is our love made perfect, that we may have boldness in the day of judgment: because as he is, so are we in this world.
1 John 4:18	There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
1 John 4:19	We love him, because he first loved us.
1 John 4:20	If a man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen?
1 John 4:21	And this commandment have we from him, That he who loveth God love his brother also.
1 John 5:12	He that hath the Son hath life; [and] he that hath not the Son of God hath not life.
1 John 5:13	These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the Son of God; that ye may know that ye have eternal life, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
Jude 1:14	And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints,
Jude 1:15	To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard [speeches] which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.
Revelation 3:5	He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
Revelation 6:15	And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;
Revelation 6:16	And said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb:
Revelation 6:17	For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand?
Revelation 11:15	And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become [the kingdoms] of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever.
Revelation 11:16	And the four and twenty elders, which sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshipped God,
Revelation 11:17	Saying, We give thee thanks, O Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned.
Revelation 11:18	And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.
Revelation 11:19	And the temple of God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament: and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great hail.
Revelation 12:10	And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of his Christ: for the accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night.
Revelation 12:11	And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death.
Revelation 12:12	Therefore rejoice, [ye] heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.
Revelation 13:8	And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.
Revelation 15:3	And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvellous [are] thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true [are] thy ways, thou King of saints.
Revelation 15:4	Who shall not fear thee, O Lord, and glorify thy name? for [thou] only [art] holy: for all nations shall come and worship before thee; for thy judgments are made manifest.
Revelation 16:7	And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous [are] thy judgments.
Revelation 19:1	And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto the Lord our God:
Revelation 19:2	For true and righteous [are] his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his servants at her hand.
Revelation 19:10	And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, See [thou do it] not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy.
Revelation 19:11	And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him [was] called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war.
Revelation 19:12	His eyes [were] as a flame of fire, and on his head [were] many crowns; and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself.
Revelation 19:13	And he [was] clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God.
Revelation 19:14	And the armies [which were] in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean.
Revelation 19:15	And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God.
Revelation 19:16	And he hath on [his] vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
Revelation 19:17	And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God;
Revelation 19:18	That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all [men, both] free and bond, both small and great.
Revelation 19:19	And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army.
Revelation 19:20	And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
Revelation 19:21	And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which [sword] proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.
Revelation 20:10	And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet [are], and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
Revelation 20:11	And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
Revelation 20:12	And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is [the book] of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
Revelation 20:13	And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
Revelation 20:14	And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
Revelation 20:15	And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
